I love that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
I'm on my way to others feel
upon first grade is where I'll be to
rest until the end of times
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic
initiation this is our final episode in the season we'll have a Bible study on Wednesday and then we'll be done with
the fifth season we'll move on to the sixth and the seventh and then we're wrapped I want to say thank you for
coming tonight and I want to let you know what we have on hand for tonight or
these sources that people don't look at um and you know we just stumble upon and
I just want to bring you a real gem of a source tonight that it's brand new but I
knew that you would like these guys this is a gang of drug dealing cultic
pornax yeah they are the ones who were doing
the pornea and tonight we're gonna bring them forward for you
and show you on lady Babylon thank you
[Music]
wanna start tonight off with a couple of comments just throw things out there
that people are saying hit it Chewie let me read this one how can we get
Medea back to rule again I'm totally on board hail media thank you so much
Valerie Moore thank you so much Valerie Moore I mean it couldn't be in more agreement with you
um yeah how can we how can we bring back lady Babylon that's the question let's see if we'd
answer that somewhere today should we give us another one yeah this is from Jacob who apparently is a uh RX that's a
writes prescriptions right um humbled or receives them anyway humbled to see my stupid comments made
the cut be right back I need to call my mom now and tell her we made it fantastic Jacob
who's probably in Pharmacy schools come where I'm sure you and Mom are proud I'm
sure you are proud and I'm proud to have been able to Foster our growth together I love it
thank you for responding I love that love it it tickles me tickles me I want
to reach out and touch you I want I want you to know that I'm there as you're watching I am there with you
and tonight we're gonna bring I'm gonna bring you our first guest
let's just get right to him his name is Phil octitis and this
this Prince drug user May the pages of the ancient world
he made the post people were writing about him you know he he's from he's a
thessalian yeah Royal Line he's gotta he's got a
whole background in the drugs he was raised by the centaurs right you know that kind of group
these are the guys using the poison these are the guys who were following Chiron right these are the ones who have
that blood that blood of the sin Tower you know there are centaurs in uh the
Bible you didn't know that maybe maybe you'll appreciate it now if
you go back and you look at the Greek which is the oldest and you say hey what are the centaurs doing there they're
pedoras right pederas remember we're in a very specific field this is
educational where's my educational whip this is educational we need to present
this in the right education what I'm giving you is the actual right and I'm
showing you Phil octitis chewy
[Music]
laughs [Music]
foreign [Music]
did you see that junkie in all his glory did you see him there you know why he's
got the problem it was because of Goldie
yeah yeah she had her own Island yeah and he got
hooked on the Viper
stank everywhere you took him you could smell it
yeah and we didn't want him around us you know it was the guy is in constant
pain the guy is in constant pain did you see the description we looked at
last time about what happens to you when you cook your brains on this stuff last
time we left the guy he was having convulsions he was having convulsions we were
talking about death States and convulsions yeah right
we also saw by way of review that
the theory action is meant to counter a drug that is causing intense pain
intense pain this combo of Venoms causes intense pain
yeah intense pain we need things to balance that
felocities didn't have it so he's always in pain he was the only
guy who was able to burn Heracles
he was the only one dude had a shirt get this dude killed his wife and his chill
you know child and then he goes in you know ends up in a shirt
full of poison and this stuff isn't just the stuff is
meant to it's meant to incinerate them yeah and Heracles goes out in his
deification this is the way a Chiron guys did we see it last time we saw it
last time right everybody in the congregation is there we're looking at that formula now this is wonderful this
is wonderful what am I bringing you tonight I want you to see more drugs I want you to see more drugs I want you
to see more drugs that are involved in the sex rights that we know Jesus with
all of his technical terminology was involved in
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ as a Son of God he wouldn't
have been the Son of God he wouldn't have also been the only begotten right
that's a title within the cult Jesus Christ the guy who gets arrested in a takedown
in a public park at 4am yelling I am not a trafficker that guy his cult that he
is involved in from which he is taking all of these titles
produces this sort of Junkie yeah
yes and I say junkie with the greatest affection for every
junkie out there yeah okay it's that search you can't there
you know Watchers tell me just tell you know tell him to stop you know tell him to stop you don't every generation finds
it every generation looks for it yeah it's fantastic it's the mental
chemistry of humanity all splayed out on History like some kind of Jackson
Pollock painting love it love it let's bring up some Greek and get dirty I want to get down
and dirty and some of this is dirty I will be as Technical and as educational
as we can possibly do this tonight right it's it
you know because that's where we need to keep it be decent people some of this material
May you know they turn you on in some mental way
light up the light up the stuff that's in there and yeah let's try let's throw
some of these drug dealers that you guys okay bring that bring that first uh yeah we start at the top I just want to start
with a little bit of Correspondence here believable or not from some guy named
awacs yeah he's apparently you know um of Arabian it's just to who Tiberius the
imperator yeah he's a king he's writing to Tiberius he's like dude I got your
gifts I got your gifts um the Centurion what's his name Ryan he
brought him he brought them and you know it's so nice to see that you know I'm gonna return around and give it back to
you I'm gonna give it back to you and I got something coming to you you know what that is oh you're gonna get the
goodies you're gonna get those things about those works that are on the stones
of healing the stones of Madison that Earth compressed Earth of Medicine
yeah you're gonna and go back to that I'm sorry this was uh oh sorry keep it on
there keep it on gorgeous oh I love that yeah it's making me feel it yeah I feel
it good it's gorgeous thank you that was fantastic sometimes I short chewy too much on those times and Chewy's genius
right um yeah so yeah this this is all those things that bring us to the
remedi aurum remediorum Romantic arm to the drugs we
made it to the drugs hit the next one let's go in what was that they were writing back and forth about I'm going
to give you these I'm going to get we'll give you the sources on this and you can make this drug
those guys were use there's not an emperor that wasn't using drugs man you get them all this is fantastic let's go to these drug
using people and see what they're writing about here's some Greek oh I love this this is in the back if you go
to the if you find Orpheus in the lithica and you Snoop around a little bit Auto Kern and people that came
before you'll find this collection as well it's a um it's it's described as a kind of a
summary of the teachings it uses the same word that we use in the New
Testament to say to preach yeah so these are the preachings the lithic preachings
of Orpheus are you right and you say Orpheus yay we're all in cult now look at these people I'm about to give you
cult texts full of drugs and sex and cult and the real origins of the
mystery nobody's doing this why it's not Magic
it's just the sources because we're respecting them I'm not sitting here trying to sell you a line I'm not trying
to get you to buy a book I'm not trying to get you to to believe some kind of argument so I can be on some kind of BS
ride of looking at myself in the mirror and you know you know all of that Circle
jerkery I have no interest in that right here's the text let's bring this
up see what these druggies said let's bring it up okay look at this okay you're gonna love this people I'm so
excited I'm glad you can only see me from the neck down lethos ostriches oh look at that what kind of
lethos is this it's something called ustrites and all of my gray students it's got the oistress root in it it's
got the oysters root what is that oystress that is the bow
poison it's the madness you get in it's a state you get it okay so okay sorry
let's calm down calm down there's uh there's a lethos called ostriches yeah
and when it's combined with wine and consumed it's a complete remedy for pain
gets rid of all pains totally that's it you're done no more
pain can't have pain on this bad boy okay right here we are at the Rave here
we are at the Rave in 500 BC wait what nice Rave let's see what we're doing
look we're on Cypress hear the music rhyme boom boom boom boom
here it is and what kind of drugs people what kind of drugs as you get off the boat you're coming what kind of drugs do
you want for the festival Ryan here we are here we are here's the first one it's gonna get rid of all your pain pain
no pain no pain and why is this so important because otherwise with what
you take you will be with what we're going to put into your rectum I'm being scientifically and historically accurate
with what we're going to put into your rectum you're going to need some painkiller
because you will run around screaming otherwise okay okay
fantastic I'm there so give me that one right historically not me now right but
historically historically don't take it there this isn't some
dirty street corner this is the museum the place where we educate
educate excellent excellent so here we are let's get the same one it's got
another drug underneath it no this is great it's like we took down an ancient drug dealer so what do you got what do
you got from Cyprus look what I'm going to describe at the minute Cyprus you don't believe me I'm saying Cyprus on
purpose that's where we're going the adelphe the sister to these right is
some some kind of substance called ajitis and it is named that way from the
Echidna the Viper yeah which a long time ago they say Phil
octetes was healed with this oh isn't that nice is wound take it down he was
finally brought off he had been there the whole time with Goldie
Goldie was there who's Goldie oh I forgot to tell you okay in the life of
any Junkie of any junkie who follows the Gods
in the life of these people is always is always an oracle
always the Gateway is opened there's no other reason to be there in the midst of
the pain there's no reason it's that Oracle right and his Oracle Goldie
drew a man she Drew him in and she created
that mortal whose immortality
is given at the drop of that wand that Golden Rod of Hermes that Golden Rod of
Hermes he uses it to wake you up
all right it's after he puts you to sleep it's after he puts you to sleep okay so
there's gonna be some of that you guys don't be don't be scared right we still got the music going everything's cool
get back to those drugs let's bring it back this is as much cult as we can bring forward tonight yep oh love it
yeah yeah yeah okay next one let's go the next one that's good we covered it yeah oh I just wanted you guys to see
the second sentence in this now wait I'm gonna show you something through this
that is perhaps the most marvelous and interesting thing that I've seen in a
long time look what happens people druggys druggies what are these children of the
Greeks doing they're crazy to jump into these schemes
where they're running after the drugs that cause you to hear the demons
the demons you know what those young people are out there doing
they're chasing the drugs that allow you to hear the demons
welcome to Cyprus you are here to find the voice of the diamond
yeah love it love it don't worry don't worry
it's Goldie it's Goldie it's Goldie that's what they call
Aphrodite fantastic back to the next oh let's give this one a second gorgeous okay don't
you love the classical art that we have all along this is like a this is both
like an art history and an informative lecture on ancient pharmacology love it love it I'm
I'm hoping up putting people to sleep I've got to keep it exciting what are
these children the Greeks do they this is what they do they make haste to follow these Avenues where you can pick
up these um these voices and you say wait a minute so in their mystery cult they
wanted to hear voices yes in their mystery cult the hearing of
the voices is the breaking through well you say this is quite quite a uh
quite a revelation you mean you want to have a you want to have an altered mental state that is not just a place of
euphoria and Bliss yes turns out the bad trips are as important
as the good yeah that's what they said not me not me
that's why you have so many of the Thanos Simon those drugs that induce the
death state right this is Hermes he's gonna use that wand on your rectum just to give you the historical reality he's
gonna wake you up from your death right you're not going to drink it right
because you're going to be dead he's going to bring you back
yeah and you'll thank him you'll thank him turn you into a place you've never seen
right oh open things up it's a good purgative let's hit the next
medical one right we're we're thinking like they did in antiquity right Praise
Jesus yes right excellent
this is another one called offitase and that's from the root
for serpent I'll just translate it to you this thing is a anti-farmicon it's a
drug combo that's paired with others and it's used for anything you're applying that serpent Venom to isn't that nice
they use it in the eyes for people who have problems seeing and it takes away a
headache and for those who use it who are chronic users
those who were chronic users you know what happens to them they get better hearing
down to the point that they can hear just the very slightest conversation what this thing gives you super powers
right you're able to hear better than you were before Oh interesting and what
else does it do I love this last part it's our sun was Fosse fasi de chaiton aquine yeah and with respect to those
who are akinetic take it down um what is a kinetic
well in medicine ancient medicine a kinetic is when you
have no movement in your skirt
you are a kinetic that driving force is not driving
and you know what happens when your skirt we're Mediterranean so we were skirts right don't
right we have to stay precisely accurate historically here
right um if your skirt has no movement
this drug can make things work can make things work let's see let's see
the rest of that recipe for disaster here what are we giving to people who
are coming to concert tonight this is amazing yeah they're going to be able to
see better and hear better and the ones that are akinetic are going to be led to afrodisia
afrodisia and even some you know maybe some lightheadedness too some
light-headedness um but all of this is coming to us through that episode me on right through
Kinesis the movement and the epithemia epidemion is desire it's sexual desire
right right blow this up a little bit
yeah no this is no this is not the one that I want sorry
boom out of order you're out of order um these this is where it takes you in
your mind right this is the Kinesis the motion right
this is just the okay dance or movement change Revolution
Kinesis you don't have any movement there's nothing dancing in your pants if
there's nothing dancing in your pants you got a problem because you can't go to afrodisia and one of these aphrodisia
yeah these are the pudenda the Festival of Aphrodite and during the
month of pudenda January February March April pudenda May June July
that's how they're ranking the value of this concept they can't this drug will
lead you there right of course we're on we're in Cyprus
right and what do we do we get off the boat there in Cyprus now not today
not today to my knowledge not today perhaps
in a secret kind of way but to my knowledge not today
but in antiquity when we you and I get our ship and go back to Antiquity we step off the boat
step off the boat and you can smell it fumigate it we're getting fumed
the whole way up once we get to the temple we start partaking in the drugs
we start partaking in the exercise yeah good love it love it it's healing it's
healing great next text love it let's keep going you know you're not going to get this from a distinguished
um stiff shot Professor because they don't want to talk about things this makes their
their sphincters sphincterize that's from a Greek word for to strangle
the Sphinx is the Strangler love that love that that strangling is
important for history fantastic um look at this one this is what kind of
this is the lethos ostriches right um I just want you to notice one more
time the pain the pain why because we're going to be seeing more drugs that are
going to be counteracting pain and here's a big one watch this people this
is some kind of lethos called a leap liparayos
um love it this thing they say comes from Syria Assyria excuse me and there
was a dude memnon famous King you know and he took he took the stuff to Troy to
King Priam right and it was a great gift man it was a it was a mega doron right
this is a this is a great thing that he did and um what what did he do well they
say that the Mages in Egypt and Babylon put Babylon honor this drug above all
the others right what do they do they use it in their episodes and then their
goateeus and they're going test what is it going it's not what you think it is
but remember we got a junkie Phillip titi's with us and this guy's on the purple and we want to see what the
purple is causing the people to do all right we're following that junkie love
it love it okay let's let's go to the whoops we're off timing tonight aren't
we we're up timing do I need to uh skip okay here I'll try to be better sorry
it's right you okay go ahead hit the next one next great here uh yeah no no
back to that one back to that one this is where the Magi right they're using their apples and their goatee right not
only that but it has an effect on snakes right and when you drink it what happens
to you you become Mantic you be romantic and somebody who sees what the birds see
and it's by this instrument I'm telling you that they rule most that they carry out most of their art baby those
magicians now we just had a drug guy do you realize what just happened you just had a text from Antiquity you just had a
drug Guy step out of the past and step up with you and say you want to know what those Magi are
using these are the guys that came to see Jesus after who was born from the Virgin
these are the guys that came to see Jesus and what are these what are these
junkies bring Jesus these Junkies
brought Jesus drugs they brought him drugs
they brought on the basis for making the drugs that you only have to add a minor
quantity of whatever else it is that's causing the biological interaction these
things are bases frankincense and myrrh their bases the gold was so he could you
know rock in a place in Egypt while he's learning all his stuff he's going to shave his head he's got to get educated
by the priests you know that's what the goal is for those priests loved gold
I've worked for priests I've worked for priest I work for one priest who didn't love his gold
he didn't love his goal but the rest of them did yeah yeah
huh things don't change do they okay let's get back to the druggies here we are here we are bring them in next text
oh this is marvelous this is marvelous yeah yeah so this thing is used the one
that he's talking about here is a cure for the E oblong any of these drugs that are being used that are taken from
um harvested as Venom right these are the ones that this thing can be used as
a what as a prophylacticon anti-farmacon okay so when I yell at the
world they're using drugs and it's a very complex system of drug use where it's compounds and they're using one
group of compounds to balance another group of compounds and when you put them together that's when you can do the
mystery yes okay fantastic love it love it there's the ant there's the word
anti-farmicon anybody out there and I know every scholar every classist out
there that's with then range my voice maybe it's none maybe it's none
well no I I know at least one yes
um Carl Rock every once in a while you know um he
we'll see these texts and hear these taxes and no right this is straight up
this is straight up cult and you are getting it from drug Central drug
Central they don't call it mushroom town for any reason you know what I mean
okay let's go to the next bit of Greek and we'll be let's round things out I've
taken 34 minutes of your time up um the sister of this thing yeah this is the accutist and I just wanted to make
sure that you realize that philictedes um had to be cured had to be cured in
the process right he's um he's he's aching for those drugs he's
in constant pain and constant wreakage from his wound
yeah and he's administering the drug and he's in that state but he doesn't have
that painkiller he doesn't have the Cure so if these Wizards are using these
drugs and they're balancing them out and you're maroon someone on an island
without the supplies that he's gonna need you're going to end up in a terrible situation where he wants to
kill you when you get back that's exactly what happens to Odysseus and
Odysseus has to try to outsmart him what are they all fighting for these junkies
the bow and The Poisoned arrows
right because it's been prophesied by some dude Under the Influence that
this poison will bring them victory
oh it's fantastic you don't see the god in it do you
you don't see the God but the God is there this is that blood
this is that flesh Oh you mean they even call it that yeah
they do Ambrosia you know what's in the cave of Hermes the Ambrosia give us another drug
do we have any that little one on the bottom was that a little drug dealer in there what is this what is this yeah
there's another one okay okay okay now we're The bakkick Rave right now we're tobacca grave music is
loud nobody can nobody can all can hear is shouting right so everybody shouts
right and um what is the there's this
thing called nebritace now here it's nowri
taste but that oops along is actually a beta right so every tastes those are
those skins Fawn skins I forgot to tell you take off your clothes right we got
off the boat dude everybody this robe right everybody disrobes and
you get a bath you get a bath oh you thought you were gonna show up and be like no no no you need to get cleaned up
right so you get your bath right you're all feeling good and now we're marching
up to the temple we're gonna be getting hit by the drugs we're going to be getting hit by the drugs on the way
there bring that back up um where's my clothes I left this all naked no no no no they're gonna give you
the Skins the Fawn skins yeah you never wear Fallen skin oh it's nice
it's nice yeah Fawn skin oh God you're not cultured until you are until you are
in a place where you can see both dimensions at once and wearing Fawn Skin
So Soft so incredibly soft oh love it let's see the next one um
yeah so um this is just a continuation that passage right so this is from those
who were using the Fawn skin the bakkens you see that up front the Balkans right
and this is for the people who are the therapists yeah we got therapists there
these are the people who are serving the community Through the banquet cult thank you very much big handout for those
people thank you thank you drugs drugs drugs she's got the drugs right whoa
okay those those people are there too and who else then we got just acolytes
don't we did we did just people following yeah we've got acolytes there and
acolytes of food Dionysus this is fantastic fantastic and what is
it all leading us to it's leading us to mantea mantea what do you want to do
when you go to your concert all right what do you want to do when you go to your concert you've been
through your purification and you're on your way to Aphrodite you're on your way don't worry she's on
the top of the hill in the temple this is us getting ready this is us
getting ready to like it go something pounding love it love it
and the pain oh the pain oh it's not there anymore it's not there anymore
because they've given you the drugs fantastic this is the way to go is
anybody need a prescription for this rise this should be doctors should be
able to write this out hey you you know what you need you need a weekend on Cypress the Festival of Aphrodite okay
just do whatever their doctors tell you to do just take whatever their doctors tell you to take okay so here we are what does Bacchus do
he always brings the Aphrodite go to the next text Chewie please um I just wanted to throw wait a minute
can we see the one before that I meant to give you the yeah um yeah we skipped that on this one
right and this thing um has dulled our pain right especially that from all of
the ofic all the serpent stuff it's axiomenon it's axiomenon yeah what
is that X EOS you can hear the X plus the EOS you can hear that poison did you
know the same root in Greek is used to say
poison and to heal
poisoned and to heal and this is not one that people typically it doesn't sit in
several different ways in Greek because they have this concept they had this old pulaskian concept that filters in
filters in through the medical side um yeah and uh they have a
oh God once we're in the pain the etheriac will boost us to the place
that we can contain that passion that we can hold that passion and through that
power can see her that's that's that's where pull up the text again I want to
see that one more time what do we leave off in there um
yeah um one word one word that means to heal and
to poison if you're Apollo if you're Artemis if you're one of the twins you
shoot that arrow and what's on that arrow that arrow is death that's the death bringer you mean the god of
healing is the god of death yes yes the chorus leader is that God's sister
that God's sister is the chorus leader and she's called the poison poor are you
seeing it people as we're climbing that hill to the mountain that has the temple
where Aphrodite presides do you see it along the way
this is she who pours the poison for us fantastic I hear that you know we're
getting closer we're getting closer I feel the effects of you know of what they gave me and 800 BC this is
fantastic um same text again should we please um let's finish it off yeah and what
happens also you can give it um and turn a man into someone who's
um desirable to a woman foreign
you can control Desire with this thing and what else can you do well it also
protects against Egyptian cobras yeah the Venoms that are coming from the Cobra that we're using that these Mad
Men junkies are using who are telling us the future and telling us where to set
our set our colonies down and directing us to kill tyrants these people who are
running an Empire that stretches from Babylon all the way to the all the way
to the west side of Europe yeah yeah these people these very same people
um let's go to one more text I'm hit I'm hitting it but I just wanted you to see Adam I'm going to throw this up there
for a little mystery because everybody likes mystery you guys like solving things and then telling me what the
solutions are but I told you we were taking back Eve as she who is
awazo right she who is the one entering the bakic worship she whose eyes are
being opened and Adam who is Adam who is Adam
Adam's that guy without whom you're never going to get to the second to last line odd omniv
how do they use Adamas how do you use atomas Adamas is hard
Emos is hard how do you use atomas there's a few people here I could ask
and I know that those people would have very very good descriptions of what I
what we could do with Autumn Moss um yes but it turns out in Antiquity
what do you do with Adam you perform Magic
which is why the sybils said Adam is north south east west
north south east west you mean the civils the pagan civils
um have Adam yes they do Adam is there before the proto-hebrew by 800 years
[Laughter] send Linear B yes isn't that gorgeous to heal and to
kill all at the same time to heal and to kill with the technical these Greeks and
their technical prowess oh my God what happened
what happened to that power that power ah gorgeous love it love it
and I think that's uh this is our last right we have a well go ahead and Flash that go ahead and Flash that up there
look I just want you to see a little um we'll go to this one first actually
um look at this this is the unconquerable all right Adam the Adama
oh the one that can't be overcome the one that can't be overcome isn't that
nice but if you go to them in Latin just for the fun of it it really just means to love
it really just means to love and is often shows us there at the bottom
um this is the kind of love take it off this is the kind of love that is unlawful this is the Allah for love
the unlawful love um okay
okay did they mean to get the weirago and the Septuagint because they stunk that in there the Greeks who wrote the
Old Testament stuck it in there a reference to an old Etruscan term why
because these Greeks in Alexandria were both studying and emulating the same
junkies that you and I are researching now when Jesus is doing his thing in the
garden with the boy screaming I'm not a child trafficker when the authorities show up in the raid
when all of that goes down he is not creating
a new world ex knee hello he is borrowing from a
working tradition of mystery otherwise Jesus Christ would not have been
arrested in a public park at 4 00 am with a naked boy
okay more drugs I know you guys are putting off with a lot of drugs just constant
bombardment with the drugs we're getting to the end of the season
and what I'd like to do is I'd like to be able to wrap the season in a nice bow
and package just so it all comes together people can breathe in a ah
that will be Wednesday's Bible study
um I appreciate the fact that you are all here participating in this
in a way that honors the museum we're here because this is the new
library for us to find these things I promise you
I will not profit off of this I will give you the best that I can
that's free of that rotten greed yeah Long Live Lady Justice and hail
Satan [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music]